docs(website): update getting started guidelines for core (#914)
twilio-labs/paste: packages/paste-website/src/pages/getting-started/engineering/index.mdx

---
title: Engineering Guidelines for Paste

> description: How to get started using Paste; installation and usage instructions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Installation and usage instructions for using Paste.
```

  </Table>
</Box>

```shell
# yarn
yarn add react react-dom prop-types

# npm
npm install react react-dom prop-types
```

<Box marginBottom="space100" />

### Paste Packages

<Callout variant="information">
  <CalloutTitle>Our packages are published on NPM</CalloutTitle>
  <CalloutText>
    Check out <Anchor href="https://docs.npmjs.com/about-npm">the NPM docs</Anchor> to learn more about these commands
    and how these packages are installed.
  </CalloutText>
</Callout>

Paste has two packages to get started: `@twilio-paste/core` and `@twilio-paste/icons`.
Paste Core includes all the component and libraries, while Paste Icons

> includes all the icon illustrations. [Read about how Paste keeps your bundles small](#how-the-core-package-stays-lean).

Reviewer: The "Read about..." link here feels abrupt here. Maybe intro it with something Paste's performance.

Author: Rewording this section

    </THead>
    <TBody>
      <Tr>
        <Td>@twilio-paste/core</Td>
        <Td>{coreVersion}</Td>
      </Tr>
      <Tr>
        <Td>@twilio-paste/icons</Td>
        <Td>{iconsVersion}</Td>
      </Tr>
    </TBody>
  </Table>
</Box>

```shell
# yarn
yarn add @twilio-paste/core @twilio-paste/icons

# npm
npm install @twilio-paste/core @twilio-paste/icons
```

<Box marginBottom="space100" />

> ### Setting up the Theme Provider

Author: You can't really use Paste until you set that up and it doesn't really need to be touched every again, which is why I moved it under install. Do you feel strongly about moving it out of install?

> ### Setting up the Theme Provider

Reviewer: I vote moving this to the first heading under Usage because it's the first step a user needs to take in order to use Paste.

);
```

<Box marginBottom="space140" />

## Usage

### Paste Components

You can use the Paste components anywhere that is wrapped by the [Theme Provider](#setting-up-the-theme-provider). The Paste tokens

> are readily available on our components and typescript typings are provided.

Author: Heh this was from the old content. Will remove it.

);
```

<Box marginBottom="space100" />

### Jest / Testing

Just like rendering Paste components in a web application, when rendering components for the purposes of testing you
are required to wrap them in the [Theme Provider](#setting-up-the-theme-provider). If you do not, your components may fail to render correctly.

> It can sometimes be helpful to test Paste components without animation. To disable animations on Paste components, pass the `disableAnimations` boolean prop to the &lt;Theme.Provider&gt;.

Reviewer: It might be helpful to have a code example along with this.

> <Box marginBottom="space100" />

Author: It's a little tight without the spacer divs
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1592327/98571627-bb654080-2282-11eb-9670-1b376158b699.png)

> <Box marginBottom="space100" />

Author: I wrapped the Disclaimer in a Box with marginBottom here, and removed the other spacers. I don't love how it looks, but it works without creating debt I guess

      </Table>
    </DisclosureContent>
  </Disclosure>
</Box>

### How the Core package stays lean

Unlike other bundled libraries, using Core and Icons won't load _all of_ Paste into your product's bundle, it will only include the parts you are importing.
This happens automatically, without any requirement for a tree-shaking config in your builds.

You may have imported from other libraries like this:

```jsx
import {Box, Anchor, Button, Theme} from '@twilio-paste/core';
import {DisclosureIcon, DeleteIcon} from '@twilio-paste/icons';
```

The problem with importing this way is that the [referenced "main" file](https://github.com/twilio-labs/paste/blob/main/packages/paste-core/components/button/package.json#L10)
in these packages has to bundle all the different pieces together. This causes everything to be loaded even if we only need one small feature.
With over 50 icons in our Icon package and 40 components in Core - with more being added continuously - this can become very heavy very quickly.

In Paste, we use an "unbarreled" import mechanism, so the above would look like this:

```jsx
import {Box} from '@twilio-paste/core/box';
import {Anchor} from '@twilio-paste/core/anchor';

> import {Button} from '@tiwlio-paste/core/button';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import {Button} from '@twilio-paste/core/button';
```

import {Theme} from '@twilio-paste/core/theme';
import {DisclosureIcon} from '@twilio-paste/icons/esm/DisclosureIcon';
import {DeleteIcon} from '@twilio-paste/icons/esm/DeleteIcon';
```

While this has more import lines than the previous example, we are specifying the import to a limited package. This keeps your bundles lean by only loading exactly what you need.

Paste Core is able to do this because Paste publishes each library and component as its own package. For example the above can be written as:

```jsx
import {Box} from '@twilio-paste/box';
import {Anchor} from '@twilio-paste/anchor';

> import {Button} from '@tiwlio-paste/button';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import {Button} from '@twilio-paste/button';
```

import {Theme} from '@twilio-paste/theme';
// Paste Icons are not individually published
import {DisclosureIcon} from '@twilio-paste/icons/esm/DisclosureIcon';
import {DeleteIcon} from '@twilio-paste/icons/esm/DeleteIcon';
```

The reason we recommend Core over using individual package imports is because it makes maintaining Paste in your project easier. If using the above approach, your `package.json` file will be full of individual package dependencies
and keeping their versions in sync can be quite time consuming.

However, the individual package import is invaluable for when updating Core also makes changes to a package you aren't ready for. You can then install that pinned package and import from it directly.
For example let's assume we update our Core package and as a side effect, the Button component gets updated. We aren't ready to update Button, but that shouldn't stop us from updating the rest of Core! We can install `@twilio-paste/button` to the version that works and import it like this:

```jsx
import {Box} from '@twilio-paste/core/box';
import {Anchor} from '@twilio-paste/core/anchor';

> import {Button} from '@tiwlio-paste/button'; // This loads the version we installed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import {Button} from '@twilio-paste/button'; // This loads the version we installed
```

[how we load the font](https://github.com/twilio-labs/paste/blob/main/packages/paste-website/src/assets/css/fonts.css#L105)
into your own app if you are using the default theme.

> <Box marginBottom="space140" />

Reviewer 2: Feel free to use the separator/horizontal rule here if you really want to create clear separation

## Additional information

### Core package list

> Core gives you the following packages. You can install these packages individually as well.

Reviewer 2: > You can install these packages individually as well 

"as well" might read as "in addition to". You might want to caveat it slightly more.

> <Disclosure>

Reviewer 2: Nice disclosure

  <DisclosureHeading as="h4" variant="heading50">
    Show full package list
  </DisclosureHeading>
  <DisclosureContent>
    <Table tableLayout="fixed">
      <THead>
        <Tr>
          <Th>Package</Th>
          <Th>Version</Th>
        </Tr>
      </THead>
      <TBody>
        {Object.keys(coreDependencies).map((dependency, index) => {
          return (
            <Tr key={`core-dep-${dependency}-${index}`}>
              <Td>{dependency}</Td>
              <Td>{coreDependencies[dependency]}</Td>
            </Tr>
          );
        })}
      </TBody>
    </Table>
  </DisclosureContent>
</Disclosure>

<Box marginBottom="space100" />

> ### How the Core package stays lean

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure if this belongs on the getting started page. How do we feel about this living somewhere a little more dedicated to core? (I have no idea where that is)

Author: I was struggling with where to put it honestly. If we had a blog post we could reference then I'd link to that. Kinda why I tossed it way at the bottom here. Open to suggestions.

Reviewer 2: For now it's fine, but it should be pretty easy for us to just add a blog section. We could then host @aayushpi's post on the site too.
